docs/content-publishing/landing-page/landing-page.md, before:

# Landing Page

You can attach a **Landing Page** to a campaign to provide some initial context to members regarding a campaign.

Find the section called **Landing Page** at the bottom of the Campaign page.

![Landing Page](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-field.png)

For the "Landing Pitch Page" content:

* **Internal Title** should be: Campaign name year-month pitch page.
* **Title** should match the lede banner title.
* **Slug** should match the slug of the campaign.

![Title/Slug](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-data.png)

For the "Problem/Solution/What You Get" content items:

* "The Problem" and "The Solution" go into the **Content** markdown field.

![Problem/Solution](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-content-field.png)

What you get is attached as a entry to the **Sidebar** field. Click "Create new entry and link" beneath the **Sidebar** field.
![What you get](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-sidebar-field.png)

Give an **Internal Title**, a published **Title**, and make it a `static` **Block Type** with `one-third` for the **Display Options**.

![What you get data](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-data.png)

Add in the new content into the **Content** field, with whatever markdown needed.

![What you get content](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-content.png)

Click "Publish”

Hit Back

Hit "Publish" on the Campaign page; you should now have a pitch page.

![Rendered landing page output](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-rendered-output.png)

Commit message:

GitBook: [docs-new-gitbook-related-updates] 21 pages and 119 assets modified

docs/content-publishing/landing-page/landing-page.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Landing pages help to provide some initial context to members about a campaign
  and what actions they will be doing.
---

# Landing Page

To add a Landing page to a Campaign, find the field called **Landing Page** at the bottom of the Campaign page:

![Landing Page](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-field.png)

Within the Landing Page entry, some of the initial fields include:

* **Internal Title** should be: "Campaign Name Year-Month Pitch Page.
* **Title** should match the lede banner title.
* **Slug** should match the slug of the campaign.

![Title/Slug](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-data%20%282%29.png)

"The Problem" and "The Solution" content should go into the **Content** markdown field:

![Problem/Solution](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-content-field%20%281%29.png)

The "What You Get" content is attached as a entry to the **Sidebar** field. Click "Create new entry and link" beneath the **Sidebar** field:

![What you get](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-sidebar-field%20%283%29.png)

Give the "What You Get" entry an **Internal Title**, a published **Title**, and make it a `static` **Block Type** with `one-third` for the **Display Options**:

![What you get data](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-data%20%281%29.png)

Add in the new content into the **Content** field, with whatever markdown needed.

![What you get content](../../.gitbook/assets/what-you-get-content%20%282%29.png)

Click "Publish” to publish the "What You Get" content and head back to the Landing Page content editing.

Click "Publish" on the Landing Page entry. Once the Campaign is published as well, you should be able to see the Landing Page when heading to the campaign's URL:

![Rendered landing page output](../../.gitbook/assets/landing-page-rendered-output%20%281%29.png)
