docs/README.md, before:

# 🔥 Phoenix 🔥

Welcome! This is **Phoenix**, the new campaign experience for [DoSomething.org](https://www.dosomething.org)! Phoenix is built using [Laravel](https://laravel.com/docs), [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com), [React](https://reactjs.com/), and [Redux](http://redux.js.org) and plays nicely with the rest of our team \([Northstar](https://github.com/DoSomething/northstar), [Rogue](https://github.com/DoSomething/rogue), and co.\)

Phoenix is maintained by [Team Rocket](https://github.com/orgs/DoSomething/teams/team-rocket):

* 💁 [Ashley](https://github.com/ashleybaldwin) - Product Manager
* 👨‍💻 [Diego](https://github.com/weerd) - Technical Lead
* 👨‍💻 [Mendel](https://github.com/mendelB) - Engineer
* 👨‍🎨 [Luke](https://github.com/lkpttn) - Product Designer
* 👨‍🔬 [Dave](https://github.com/DFurnes) - Staff Engineer

## Getting Started

Please refer to the following sections for information on either developing for the platform, or for instructions on how to publish content on the platform.

### Development Information

* [Development](development/overview.md)
* [API Reference](api-reference/overview.md)
* [Platform Philosophy](platform-philosophy/overview.md)

### Publishing Information

* [Content Publishing](content-publishing/overview.md)

## License

©2017 DoSomething.org. Phoenix is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/DoSomething/phoenix/blob/dev/LICENSE) file. The name and logo for DoSomething.org are trademarks of Do Something, Inc and may not be used without permission.

Commit message:

Instructions for editing docs on new GitBooks platform.

docs/README.md, after:

# 🔥 Phoenix 🔥

Welcome! This is **Phoenix**, the new campaign experience for [DoSomething.org](https://www.dosomething.org)! Phoenix is built using [Laravel](https://laravel.com/docs), [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com), [React](https://reactjs.com/), and [Redux](http://redux.js.org) and plays nicely with the rest of our team \([Northstar](https://github.com/DoSomething/northstar), [Rogue](https://github.com/DoSomething/rogue), and co.\)

Phoenix is maintained by [Team Rocket](https://github.com/orgs/DoSomething/teams/team-rocket):

* 💁 [Ashley](https://github.com/ashleybaldwin) - Product Manager
* 👨‍💻 [Diego](https://github.com/weerd) - Technical Lead
* 👨‍💻 [Mendel](https://github.com/mendelB) - Engineer
* 👨‍🎨 [Luke](https://github.com/lkpttn) - Product Designer
* 👨‍🔬 [Dave](https://github.com/DFurnes) - Staff Engineer

## Getting Started

Please refer to the following sections for information on either developing for the platform, or for instructions on how to publish content on the platform.

### Development Information

* [Development](development/overview.md)
* [API Reference](api-reference/overview.md)
* [Platform Philosophy](platform-philosophy/overview.md)

### Publishing Information

* [Content Publishing](content-publishing/overview.md)

---

If you would like to contribute to this documentation, please refer to the instructions on how to [edit this documentation](contributing-instructions/edit-this-documentation.md).

## License

©2017 DoSomething.org. Phoenix is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/DoSomething/phoenix/blob/dev/LICENSE) file. The name and logo for DoSomething.org are trademarks of Do Something, Inc and may not be used without permission.
