docs/content-publishing/community/community-update.md, before:

# Community Update

Updates in the _Community Feed_ currently consist of [Campaign Updates](./campaign-update.md) and reportbacks.

## Campaign Updates

### Creating a Campaign Update

1.  Within a Campaign on Contentful, scroll down and find the **Activity Feed** section.
2.  Click "Create new entry and link".
3.  Click the "Campaign Update" type.
4.  After you have clicked "Create new entry and link", you will be presented with a form to create the new campaign update with the following fields:

* **Internal Title**: this is the title for the content within the Contentful system and will not be displayed on the website.
  * Format: `Campaign Name - Date - Short Description`.
* ~**Display Options**: this refers to how wide you want the block to be - recommended width for campaign updates is `two-thirds` or `full`.~ - All campaign updates are now displayed at full width across the page.
* **Content**: use markdown to fill in and format whatever you want.
* **Link**: if you want the campaign update to have an external link that is highlighted in its own card, you should put the link in this field. This is also where you should drop a YouTube link for a video update.

### Notes on Campaign Updates:

1.  If you write a Campaign Update that is 140 characters or less, it will be styled like a Tweet. The following screenshot is what the styled _Tweet_ will look like: ![Campaign Update As Tweet](../_assets/campaign-update-tweet.png)
2.  You can always link to external links in your markdown by using the link button on the content editor and it will show up like a regular link - there is just the option to highlight an external link in a card using the **Link** field.

* You can only highlight one external resource with this **Link** field per campaign update

3.  You can add emojis anywhere! If you are on a Mac, click `Control + Command + Space Bar` (all together) and a window with emojis will appear for you to select an emoji.
4.  The **Author** field specifies the author of the Campaign Update and will showcase them in a byline on the update.

* For the **Author**, you will need to create yourself as an author once, so check the "Link an existing entry" first to make sure you have not been created as an author already.
* If the campaign lead you want is in "Link an existing entry", great! Selecting from this list adds them as the Author.
* If the campaign lead you are looking for is not, click "Create new entry and link".

Commit message:

Quick doc update for activity_feed -> community page (#917)
* Update README.md

Add notice regarding activity feed and community pages

* Update community-update.md

Update for community page

* Update README.md

Quick change

docs/content-publishing/community/community-update.md, after:

# Community Update

Updates in the _Community Feed_ currently consist of [Campaign Updates](./campaign-update.md) and reportbacks.

## Campaign Updates

### Creating a Campaign Update

1.  Within a Campaign on Contentful, scroll down and find the **Pages** section.
2.  Find the entry titled 'Community', visit that entry's page, and scroll down to find the **blocks** section.
3.  Click "Create new entry and link".
4.  Click the "Campaign Update" type.
5.  After you have clicked "Create new entry and link", you will be presented with a form to create the new campaign update with the following fields:

* **Internal Title**: this is the title for the content within the Contentful system and will not be displayed on the website.
  * Format: `Campaign Name - Date - Short Description`.
* ~**Display Options**: this refers to how wide you want the block to be - recommended width for campaign updates is `two-thirds` or `full`.~ - All campaign updates are now displayed at full width across the page.
* **Content**: use markdown to fill in and format whatever you want.
* **Link**: if you want the campaign update to have an external link that is highlighted in its own card, you should put the link in this field. This is also where you should drop a YouTube link for a video update.

### Notes on Campaign Updates:

1.  If you write a Campaign Update that is 140 characters or less, it will be styled like a Tweet. The following screenshot is what the styled _Tweet_ will look like: ![Campaign Update As Tweet](../_assets/campaign-update-tweet.png)
2.  You can always link to external links in your markdown by using the link button on the content editor and it will show up like a regular link - there is just the option to highlight an external link in a card using the **Link** field.

* You can only highlight one external resource with this **Link** field per campaign update

3.  You can add emojis anywhere! If you are on a Mac, click `Control + Command + Space Bar` (all together) and a window with emojis will appear for you to select an emoji.
4.  The **Author** field specifies the author of the Campaign Update and will showcase them in a byline on the update.

* For the **Author**, you will need to create yourself as an author once, so check the "Link an existing entry" first to make sure you have not been created as an author already.
* If the campaign lead you want is in "Link an existing entry", great! Selecting from this list adds them as the Author.
* If the campaign lead you are looking for is not, click "Create new entry and link".
